            Here's My Card App
LINKS

Wireframes:
[Wireframe, Mockups, & Site Map](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LZMMGCeVrln94jtH_g3W5kS7G2w4Rm0awfF96FLlKkY/edit)

Deployed App:
[Here's My Card App] (https://heres-your-card-app.herokuapp.com/)


USER STORIES

* I usually run out of business cards at the most inopportune time.
* I would like to exchange business cards with people who live in other cities.
* I'm an employer and while I love networking, I don't need all the business cards I receive. Is there an application that will allow me to exchange business cards, but also delete them?
* Electronic business cards are earth friendly.

OBJECTIVE

This app will allow the user to create multiple business and professional cards electronically to share through email. This way the user will always have a card available to share. The user may have more than one profession, talent, and/or career path. With Here's My Card, the user will be maximaze networking opportunities.

DESIGN

With huge help from Bootstrap, SASS, and my instructor (Dr. Hopper), the format and most of the styling was built using a template app called Todos. The background images were found using the google images search engine. Buttons and nav-bar are courtesy Bootstrap. Formatting credit goes to Dr. Mike Hopper.



CONFIGURATIONS

Using the Todo CRUD App Example developed by Dr. Mike Hopper, my application was built by:
Generating a project with rails and postgreSQL in Bash; Adding Ruby Gems; Configuring Scaffold Generator; Adding in SASS & Bootstrap; Adding a MVC pattern for both the "User" and "Cards" models; Implementing a Sessions Controller; Adding Signup, Login/Logout, and Security; and finally deploying the application to Heroku.

Below you'll find a link to my mockups & site map, as well as a link to the Todos CRUD App Page:

[Wireframe, Mockups, & Site Map](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LZMMGCeVrln94jtH_g3W5kS7G2w4Rm0awfF96FLlKkY/edit)

[How to Build a Todo App on Rails by Dr. Mike Hopper]
(https://github.com/ATL-WDI-Exercises/rails_todo_app)

Technology used includes: Ruby 2.2, Rails 4.2, PostgreSQL 9.4, Twitter Bootstrap 3.3, SASS 3.4
bootstrap-generators 3.3. Here's My Card is a Ruby on Rails application. The rails scaffold method was used to create a foundation for the application to be built. Scaffoldling With Rails as the framework, the database is built and manipulated with SQL, PostgreSQL, and Active Record.


SYSTEM DEPENDENCIES

  bcrypt (3.1.7)
  better_errors
  bootstrap-generators (3.3.4)
  byebug
  coffee-rails (4.1.0)
  jbuilder (2.0)
  jquery-rails
  pg
  pry-rails
  rails (4.2.1)
  rails_12factor
  sass-rails (5.0)
  sdoc (0.4.0)
  spring
  turbolinks
  uglifier (1.3.0)
  web-console (~> 2.0)

DEPLOYMENT:

The Here's My Card application is deployed through Heroku. The following link will lead you to the deployed app:

https://heres-your-card-app.herokuapp.com/

